This is my second file and its 
2lines long....


Updates
Jennifer Garner Confirms Ben Affleck’s affair with their nanny in candid interview

Via

T. Desk HQ
Updated on March 14, 2016

    Share
    Tweet
    Comment

See more articles on:
GET TOP STORIES VIA INBOX

Jennifer Garner has spoken up about her divorce from ex-husband Ben Affleck, admitting that he had an affair with their children’s babysitter.

In the March issue of Vanity Fair, the 43-year-old actress stated that Christine Ouzounian, 28, did not break up their 10 year marriage.

She said: ‘Let me just tell you something. We had been separated for months before I ever heard about the nanny.

‘She had nothing to do with our decision to divorce. She was not a part of the equation.’

The couple divorced in June of last year, just before their tenth anniversary.

Garner acknowledges that “nannygate” was a difficult situation for their three children, Violet, 10, Seraphina, 7, and Sam, 4. “Bad judgment? Yes. It’s not great for your kids for [a nanny] to disappear from their lives,” she explains. “I have had to have conversations [with my children] about the meaning of ‘scandal.'”

Christine is said to have been dismissed after having an affair with the Hollywood star.

Ben called the nanny story “garbage” when it first emerged in July.

Jen stated in the latest edition of Vanity Fair that it’s been a ‘year of wine,’ but that she and Ben are still close: ‘He’s still the only person who really knows the truth about things.

‘And I’m still the only person that knows some of his truths.’

The couple was last spotted together in mid-February on vacation in Montana with his pal Tom Brady (who, interestingly, also has ties to the nanny) and his wife Gisele Bundchen.

Garner also stated that she was as dedicated to their relationship as she could be. ‘It was a real marriage,’ said Garner. ‘It wasn’t for the cameras. And it was a huge priority for me to stay in it. And that did not work.’

In reference to her spouse, she stated: “People have pain — they do regrettable things, they feel shame, and shame equals pain. No one needs to hate him for me. I don’t hate him. Certainly we don’t have to beat the guy up. Don’t worry — my eyes were wide open during the marriage. I’m taking good care of myself.”

Affleck and Garner announced their divorce plans in June 2015, igniting a media frenzy surrounding the cherished couple. “I turned on CNN one day,” she recalls, “and there we were. I just won’t do it anymore. I took a silent oath to myself last summer to really stay offline. I am totally clueless about all of it.”
